Ms. Mable has scheduled an appointment for her annual checkup. Upon getting her annual done Dr. Patty notices a lump on her Breast. She is 
asked a series by Dr. Patty that pertain to the lump found on her breast. Upon further investigation Dr. Patty suggest that an MRI is 
needed instead of a Mammography to ensure that a more accurate reading of the breast is done, so he logs into the portal to send Ms. Mable 
to a local clinic so she can an MRI and flags it urgent. Bobby the Administrative assistant sees the incoming referral and refers to the 
scheduling sheet to see when the modality and the technician is available. However, he must get a technician who specializes in imaging 
breast for an MRI. He checks the list further and can make the appointment. He then calls Ms. Mable to confirm the appointment. After the 
appointment has been confirmed he logs into RIS to input Ms. Mable information so she can be tracked and billed. Once the appointment has 
been confirmed. Dr. Patty curious of Ms. Mable’s progress is notified that she has been added into RIS and begins tracking her progress. 
Ms. Mable is then asked by the technician Taylor to come back to have her MRI scan done. Ms. Mable comes into the clinic the day of her 
appointment. Taylor takes the images of Ms. Mable’s breast and the images are automatically stored in PACS ready for the Radiologist, Amy 
to view and make a report. Once the MRI is done Ms. Mable heads back home to await to hear from her Doctor. Amy accesses RIS to get Ms. 
Mable’s images from PACS and begins writing her report into RIS. Once her report has been finished Dr. Patty is notified that the report 
is ready through RIS. He then accesses RIS to pull her images so he can better explain Amy’s report. Dr. Patty then calls Ms. Mable to 
schedule an appointment. Ms. Mable then comes in for her appointment to see Dr. Patty. Upon hearing the report Ms. Mable is told she has 
Metastatic Breast cancer and must begin invasive chemotherapy treatment to stop the spread of the cancer.
